
       Answer All the Question
1.Explain about the main method in java?
	Main method is a starting point of every java program. Its syntax is public static void main(String[]args). 	
	public is an an access specifier. static is an keyword. we can make a method static by using this static keyword. void is an return type. 
	void explains that the main() method does not return any value. main is an method name and String[] args indicates array of String type.

2.What are the different  Control flow Statements available in java?
	control flow statements are,    
	if statement,switch statement, while loop,for loop,do while loop , for -each statement, break statement,continue statement.

3.What is the Difference betweeen break and continue statements?
	 Break statement is used to terminate the loop immediately. In java break statement is indicated using break keyword.
	 Continue statement is used to skip the current iteration of the loop. in java continue statement is indicated using continue keyword.

4.What is an Array? How will you declare an array in java?
	Array is an collection of similar type of elements. Array in java is an index - based , the first element is stored at 0th index. 
	array is decalred as,
	int a[]= new int[12]

5.When will you get ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException?
	ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException exception happens when an array is accessed using invalid index, 
the index may be negative number or greater than or equal to the size of the array.

6.Define the Syntax to create an object for a class.
What are the naming conventions to be followed while creating a class, 
method and a variable.Explain with examoles
	The syntax for creating an object is,
ClassName object= new ClassName();
Naming conventions:
   class: The name should be camelcase. For eg: CustomerName. In this every new word starts with  the upper case.
   method: The method should be in mixedCase. Eg: customerName. In this the first letter should be lowercase.
   variables: The method should be in mixedCase. Eg: customerName. In this the first letter should be lowercase.

7.What is Variable?How will you declare a variables in java?
	A variable is a container that holds a value while java program is executed. A variable is assigned to datatype. 
	Variable may be of three types,
	 local variable
	 instance variable
	 static variable
	local variable: local variable  is declared inside the method body. You can use this variable only in that method.
	instance variable: A variable is declared inside the class but outside the method body. the instance variable can be accessed in any method.
	static variable:  Static variable in Java is variable which belongs to the class and initialized only once at the start of the execution.

8.What is String in java? Is it a Data Type?
	String is a sequence of characters. But in java , string is an object that represents a sequence of characters. 
yes, string belongs to non primitive data type.

9.What are the different ways to create the String Object in java?
	String object is created by using two ways,
	 by using String literal
	 By using new keyword

10.What is the Difference between .Equals and ==? 
	.Equals() method: The string equals() method compares the original content of String. It compares the values of String of equality.
	The == operator compares the reference not values.
